README SPOTIBALL:

User Manual:
Welcome to Spotiball! Inspired by Pitbull number, we decided to parse Spotify's API to be able to get the
degree of separation between two artists (and the artists on this path relating them). Artists are related through
features on tracks.
Since parsing the Spotify API and building a graph from it can take an extremely long amount of time with
large data sets, we decided that we would build a graph fo size 1000 and write this graph to a file, which we could
store and then read from to run BFS on it. This is so that when the user is running the program, the program
won't take an hour to run as the graph is already built in the presaved file. Therefore, if the two artists
that you want to find the degree of separation of are in this 1000 size graph, then you can use this program.
Unfortunately, otherwise we can't find the degree of separation because if we tried it would take an hour + time to
run. Sorry there are these limitations! But artists are more closely related than they seem, and we used an artist
Snoop Dogg that has featured lots of other artists.
To run this application, run the Run file, and then input the two artists that you want to find the degree
of separation of. If they are both in the graph then great we will output the path of artists are you are done!
Otherwise, if they are not, the application will abort.

Summary of this Project:
Concepts:
Graph algorithms: Find the Spotify artists graph and run BFS.
Social Networks: We will be constructing the graph so that if artist A is featured in artist B’s song, then there is an edge from artist B to artist A in the graph.

Work Breakdown:
Sofia worked on Data Collection and Graph and Na and Nancy collaborated
and worked on the BFS and GUI part together. All three of us did this summary.txt.

Descriptions of what each file does:
DataCollection: This file parses Spotify's API by using Client Credentials and then builds the
graph using the graph class. It then writes the graph to the data.txt file that will be used in BFS.

Graph: This file represents an undirected graph and has methods such as addArtist, containsArtist,
hasEdge, and addEdge. Therefore, we use these methods to build a graph in DataCollection an BFS (when
we are rebuilding the graph from data.txt).

BFS: This file reads in data.txt and populates a graph from the txt file, then runs BFS on this graph
which finds the shortest path from the first artist to the second artist.

Run: This file contains the main method which gives a pop up window for the user to run the application.